Not mutinous in peace, yet bold in war,
Till your strong hand shall help to give him strength
Which his aspiring rider seem'd to know,
To Lydia and to Ionia, Whilst--
Your noble friends do lack you.
I know my lord hath spent of Timon's wealth,
For death remember'd should be like a mirror,
Sword, pike, knife, gun, or need of any engine,
That I profess myself in banqueting
And I am going to deliver them.
And teach your ears to list me with more heed.
My lord?
Here is the sister of the man condemn'd
good my lord, do not recompense me in making me a cuckold.
Bend thoughts and wits to achieve her. Thus it stands:
Upon the very naked name of love.
What are they, I beseech your ladyship?
His antidotes are poison, and he slays
Come, Hastings, help me to my closet.
think my brother happy in having what he wishes for.
becomes him better than any man in all Phrygia.
Our bending author hath pursued the story,
To the warm sun!
Now, Esperance! Percy! and set on.
Of stirs abroad, I shall beseech you, sir,
He dies, we lose, I break my warlike word,
I'll claim that promise at your grace's hands.
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
The cat, with eyne of burning coal,
pageant of Ajax.
And in the instant that I met with you
O monstrous! what reproachful words are these?
And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell,
O, they did urge it still unto the king!
The pine and cedar: graves at my command
And though 'tis wonder that enwraps me thus,
Ay, forsooth, and, I pray, how does good Mistress Anne?
Prick not your finger as you pluck it off,
And then my soul shall wait on thee to heaven,
O brother, help me with thy fainting hand--
instance and argument to commend themselves: I
O Seigneur Dieu, je m'en oublie! de elbow. Comment
I lose myself: better I were not yours
To fight on Edward's party for the crown,
he would see her to-morrow.
I have named him oft.
And these the showers to bring it on. Be cheerful.
When Clifford cannot spare his friends an oath.
The least of all these signs were probable.
And work in their shirt too, as myself, for example,
This is the point.
Counts it your weal he have his liberty.
Good madam, what's the matter with my lord?
O heavens forfend!
Peter Quince,--
I rather of his absence make this use:
If it will not be, I'll leave you.
And thus most humbly I do take my leave.
Lavinia, though you left me like a churl,
Re-enter WORCESTER
Thou losest here, a better where to find.
Than you have heard him brag to you he will.
I will come last. 'Tis like he'll question me
she kept it,
Ay, my good son.
Hath a distracted and most wretched being,
dimensions, senses, affections, passions? fed with
Out, dog! out, cur! thou drivest me past the bounds
That they may fairly note this act of mine!
her rise from her bed, throw her night-gown upon
Amen to that, sweet powers!
And turns the sun to shade, alas! alas!
Rome's readiest champions, repose you here in rest,
But, ere I go, Hastings and Montague,
I will ever be your head:
She hales him up and down
inward between us, let it pass. I do beseech thee,
The corn o' the storehouse gratis, as 'twas used
Now is it Rome indeed and room enough,
and a head-stall of sheeps leather which, being
That love the fundamental part of state
Is all the counsel that we two have shared,
Shall secretly into the bosom creep
Only deserve my love by loving him,
Shall top the legitimate. I grow, I prosper:
And spleen of speed to see your majesty!
Almost as like as eggs, women say so,
Against my near'st of life: and though I could
Sweet, sweet, sweet nurse, tell me, what says my love?
That has no relish of salvation in't,
Count Claudio, whom you sent me to seek.
Who now is girdled with a waist of iron
Here's our chief guest.
And pray thee take this mercy to provide
That she loves him, 'tis apt and of great credit:
These nails should rend that beauty from my cheeks.
Seem'd Athens as a paradise to me:
say, plucked down in the suburbs, and now she
Thy better must.
What pleasure, sir, find we in life, to lock it
Ha, do I perceive dat? have you make-a de sot of
Nor no man else: all's cheerless, dark, and deadly.
Is this your perfectness? be gone, you rogue!
Of greater sums than I have promised.
give me so much of your time in exchange of it, as
That King Leontes shall not have an heir
And therefore, finding barren practisers,
I thank thee, most imperious Agamemnon.
the hill, we'll walk afoot awhile, and ease our legs.
Kate, I cannot look greenly nor gasp out my
Ay, come:--O Jove!--do come:--I shall be plagued.
This and these pearls to me sent Longaville:
I got them in my country's service, when
And then receive my money for the chain.
And kill the innocent gazer with thy sight,
As to peace-parted souls.
For they are certain and unfallible.
Would you would bear your fortune like a man!
Even then that sunshine brew'd a shower for him,
name is Ford.
What, of my suit?
But didst thou hear without wondering how thy name
The bonds of heaven are slipp'd, dissolved, and loosed,
Get you to bed again, it is not day.
Not three hours' travel from this very place.
They do, they do: and are apparell'd thus.
All blest secrets,
Properly ours.
We attend.
his recoveries: is this the fine of his fines, and
To know the reason of this strange restraint.
themselves without the verse and therefore stood
As fester'd members rot but by degree,
Which the eye fears, when it is done, to see.
When as the noble Duke of York was slain,
I warrant. What, Robin, I say!
Unto the climate that they point upon.
Whose wisdom was a mirror to the wisest,
one Cassio entreats her a little favour of speech:
Word of denial in thy labras here!
O my Lord Abergavenny, fare you well!
Fathers, from hence trust not your daughters' minds
This ignorant present, and I feel now
No, 'twas the vane on the house.
Which in your outward actions shows itself
O Caesar, read mine first, for mine's a suit
toasts-and-butter, with hearts in their bellies no
O, attend, my daughter:
Let me not stay a jot for dinner, go get it ready.
My present vengeance taken: 'shrew my heart,
I shall discover all: I'll bring thee word
Think you so?
Go thou with her to the west end of the wood,
Our abbeys and our priories shall pay
Young Arthur is alive: this hand of mine
No, for my manly heart doth yearn.
That shall not be much amiss: Yet, as the matter
Tell me, Panthino, what sad talk was that
Listen, but speak not to't.
Which I could fancy more than any other.
My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand
They shall stand for seed: they had gone down too,
delivered me, the knave constable had set me i' the
Are base respects of thrift, but none of love:
But stand against us like an enemy.
Because I would not see thy cruel nails
Nay, gentle madam, to him, comfort him.
Why call you me love? call my sister so.
Where be these knaves? What, no man at door
It is shaped, sir, like itself, and it is as broad
I follow'd that I blush to look upon:
But for our trusty brother-in-law and the abbot,
The more my wrong, the more his spite appears:
Since she respects my mistress' love so much.
And fight and die is death destroying death,
Shake off slumber, and beware:
undiscovered. But 'tis all one to me, for had I
Wherein my death might yield her any profit,
O, a cherubim
That won three fields of Sultan Solyman,
passion of wonder appeared in them, but the wisest
Longing for what it had not, nay, the dust
Trumpets, hautboys, drums beat, all together
So criminal and in such capital kind,
The Christian prince, King Henry, were he here.
I dare thereupon pawn the moiety of my estate to
As to prenominate in nice conjecture
Who, inward search'd, have livers white as milk,
True! O God!
Now, fair befall you! he deserved his death,
perchance of the duke's death, perchance entering
Is your lady come?
thing that I have commanded thee: the third is,
For you shall hop without my custom, sir:
But out upon this half-faced fellowship!
And therefore is she born to make black fair.
You have, Master Slender, I stand wholly for you:
No wars without doors: Caesar gets money where
As fire drives out fire, so pity pity--
Now kiss, embrace, contend, do what you will.
And entertain some score or two of tailors,
If we both stay, we both are sure to die.
I would surrender it.
Even from Hyperion's rising in the east
According to my birth. What do you say?
Then makes him nothing. I must read this paper,
As from a conduit with three issuing spouts,
That such a valiant company are fled.
mail, sir: O, sir, plantain, a plain plantain! no
I must catechise you for it, madonna: good my mouse
Where how he did prevail I shame to speak,
But is all this for your father?
And not send back my messenger.
the discharge: your neck, sir, is pen, book and
For that he knew you, might reproach your life
there: I will go.
But hold himself safe in his prisonment.
I'll wear the willow garland for his sake.
That may with foul intrusion enter in
Knocking within
To his dog-hearted daughters, these things sting
our prains together to be revenge on this same
More particulars
ne'er flatter thee. O you gods, what a number of
Question her proudly, let thy looks be stern:
Sleep shall neither night nor day
N'avez vous pas deja oublie ce que je vous ai enseigne?
When nature flamed this piece, she meant thee a good
Why will he not upon our fair request
Hath Cassius lived
The better part of ours are full of rest.
That Time comes stealing on by night and day?
Faith, how easy?
Where shame doth harbour, even in Mowbray's face.
O, let no words, but deeds, revenge this treason!
As have thy love? Why dost not speak to me?
horse-stealer, but for his verity in love, I do
Madam, your mother craves a word with you.
And grumbling York: and not the least of these
That it intends to do? My lord of Burgundy,
'Twere good, methinks, to steal our marriage,
The packet, Cromwell.
Which, being cruel to the world, concluded
Should I repent me: but once put out thy light,
grace say Amen to it.
From toe to crown he'll fill our skins with pinches,
And thou shalt live in this fair world behind,
Ecstasy!
To-night in Harfleur we will be your guest,
As he cried 'Thus let be': to as much end
Ha! o' my life, if I were young again, the sword
You are dull, Casca, and those sparks of life
Nor I.
So is the dear'st o' the loss.
Let's further think of this,
great a prince as you are.
I speak no more than truth.
Send thee by me, their tribune and their trust,
why, being son to me, art thou so pointed at? Shall
Faith, here it is.
When we have laugh'd to see the sails conceive
Tut, I have lost myself, I am not here,
And he whose wife is most obedient
This seal'd-up counsel. There's thy guerdon, go.
Yet, when we can entreat an hour to serve,
for tittles? titles, for thyself? me. Thus,
O traitors, villains!
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
Upon the next occasion that we meet,
For what is he they follow?  truly, gentlemen,
Truly, madam, he holds Belzebub at the staves's end as
With such austerity as 'longeth to a father.
English condition. Fare ye well.
Muster your wits, stand in your own defence,
worthiness.
My foot shall fight with all the strength thou hast,
a countenance! is't not a brave man?
treacherous device and never leave thee till he
true, think you?
Of what is in her chamber nothing saves
How that might change his nature, there's the question.
And thereof comes the proverb: 'Blessing of your
But he bears both the sentence and the sorrow
Beyond the river Sala, in the year
And last eat up himself. Great Agamemnon,
Having no other reason
Gives way to in repose!
So shaken as we are, so wan with care,
Alas, he speaks but for his friend.
Mistake me not--to save my life, for if
What shall we do?
Alexander killed his friend Cleitus, being in his
Some certain treason.
ill.
Priests pray for enemies, but princes kill.
He came too late, the ship was under sail:
Comes from my love. But I do see you're moved:
O'ercome you with her show, and in time,
You were to blame, I must be plain with you,
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate:
He swore, had had neither motion, guard, nor eye,
So bear I thee upon my manly shoulders,
I like thy counsel, well hast thou advised:
Fashion'd to Beatrice.
a harmless fairy, has done little better than
So soon as dinner's done, we'll forth again,
Can it be possible that no man saw them?
But saying o'er what I have said before:
Hold you content. What, man! I know them, yea,
I have from their confines call'd to enact
You made in a day, my lord, whole towns to fly.
To fight for and maintain!
It shall be so.
As I am a Christians soul now, look you, this is the
Shall for my legacy be sanctified
If swift thought break it not, a swifter mean
last company: I am very glad to see you: even a
That lift your vassal hands against my head
How say you sir? Can you deny all this?
her with crying, for the ewe that will not hear her
revenue for ever, and live the beloved of your
am the dog: no, the dog is himself, and I am the
His leg is but so so, and yet 'tis well:
I tell you true: best you safed the bringer
And, kinsmen, then we may go pipe for justice.
fairs and market-towns. Poor Tom, thy horn is dry.
So had you need.
Joshua, yourself, myself and this gallant gentleman,
But keep the hills and upper regions,
Words, life and all, old Lancaster hath spent.
My manly eyes did scorn an humble tear,
You made it known to us.
I will discase me, and myself present
of my servants, for, to speak to you like an honest
No, for he could not so resign his crown
'Twas I that gave the kingdom to thy brother.
Presenting a letter
I do never use it.
An easy task it is to win our own.
That drag the tragic melancholy night,
And thou that art his mate, make boot of this,
Reads
But doth rebate and blunt his natural edge
Has not so much wit--
Being mechanical, you ought not walk
You'll cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down.
Ill, when you talk of war.
Under this thick-grown brake we'll shroud ourselves,
I hear of none, but the new proclamation
Of my true mother.
And, throwing but shows of service on their lords,
Strives Bolingbroke to be as great as we?
Kept him a foreign man still, which so grieved him,
Are you the butcher, Suffolk? Where's your knife?
Brave York, Salisbury, and victorious Warwick,
The expectancy and rose of the fair state,
Of wondrous virtues: sometimes from her eyes
Therefore he will be, Timon:
Great is his comfort in this earthly vale,
I know we shall have revelling to-night:
Till you hear further from his highness.
And fright him there? and make him tremble there?
Beshrew me, but you have a quick wit.
All these and more we hazard by thy stay,
Within my age. But reason with the fellow,
And what say you to this? Percy, Northumberland,
warren: I told him, and I think I told him true,
By cruel cruel thee quite overthrown!
Peace, my lord, hear, hear--
The morning's danger, and their gesture sad
And good even to you, sir.
And she shall thank you for't, if e'er you know her.
your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf? You must wear
In the dark backward and abysm of time?
Wherefore she does, and swears she'll never stint,
Humbly to kiss your hand, and with my tongue
turn, or the breaking of my Spanish sword.
Now, mistress, how chance you went not with Master Slender?
I pray thee, peace: my soul is full of sorrow.
white herring. Croak not, black angel, I have no
my daughter, which, in the minority of them both,
Have I once lived to see two honest men?
lest he knock that about yours.
What is become of her.
In framing an artist, art hath thus decreed,
The treasury of life, when life itself
With such a hell of pain and world of charge,
For, if I should as lion come in strife
will blow it to pieces, they are so pitifully sodden.
My Nan shall be the queen of all the fairies,
A narrow lane, an old man, and two boys.
fair Hero is won: I have broke with her father,
As soon he shall by me, that thus the cardinal
Ay, I praise God, and I have merited some love at
Is this your promise? go to, hold your tongue.
His years but young, but his experience old,
Of good or bad unto the general,
But you at your sick service had a prince.
Fellow, be gone: I cannot brook thy sight:
And is not that your bondman, Dromio?
soldiers and my young lady!
That we have made so much on. I had rather
I'll frush it and unlock the rivets all,
May she give that?
And vanish'd from our sight.
And fortify it strongly 'gainst the French:
Made wit with musing weak, heart sick with thought.
choice Italian: you shall see anon how the murderer
And bid her dry her weeping eyes therewith.
Tire on the flesh of me and of my son!
How now! where's the king?
Well with this lord: there was not full a month
Answer I must and shall do with my life.
There was a pretty redness in his lip,
I am more serious than my custom: you
I am not afraid.
Being awake, enforce them to this place,
but first let me tell ye, if ye should lead her into
And you shall well be spared.
Through the forest have I gone.
Mangles true judgment and bereaves the state
The air, a charter'd libertine, is still,
Come on, i' God's name, once more toward our father's.
By their oppress'd and fear-surprised eyes,
This talking lord can lay upon my credit,
Who gives any thing to poor Tom? whom the foul
A thing not in his power to bring to pass,
Swears he will shoot no more but play with sparrows
Pray you, content you.
This last old man,
Do me this right, hear me with patience.
Should fall as Jacob's hire, the ewes, being rank,
Orsino's enemy. A witchcraft drew me hither:
'Tis said the stout Parisians do revolt
What, doth she swoon? use means for her recovery.
And lay your hands again upon my sword:
I'll to the king, and signify to him
Your native town you enter'd like a post,
I never gave him any:
What do I fear?  myself?  there's none else by:
And, after many lengthen'd hours of grief,
Not so, neither: but if I had wit enough to get out
Then, good my mother, let me know my father,
An hour since: Cleomenes and Dion,
She curtsies to KING HENRY VIII, and offers to depart
He's alive, my lord.
Of what I spoke, unpitied let me die,
Go tell this heavy message to the king.
they purpose their services. Besides, there is no
How long hath he been there?
scratched face.
Farewell, kind neighbours: we wish'd Coriolanus
And flesh his spirit in a warlike soil,
Saw you my daughter?
Who is it thou dost call usurper, France?
hundred years.
For I have often heard my mother say
Sir,
The pleasant garden of great Italy,
services, that you would think that I had a hundred
For Cassius is aweary of the world,
O dear father,
Are we turn'd Turks, and to ourselves do that
Peace, I say.
Be so much more the man. Nor time nor place
As Hector pleases.
To view the artillery and munition,
Is this the Athenian minion, whom the world
My poor body, madam, requires it: I am driven on
The moon is down, I have not heard the clock.
Choose Caesar for their king.
Lysander, look how I do quake with fear:
For I will make him tell the tale anew,
As sure I think did never man love so--
In your lord's scale is nothing but himself,
What woman, then?
Three thousand ducats, due unto the Jew,
Lo, at their births good stars were opposite.
To wind, to stop, to run directly on,
Prithee, who is't that thou meanest?
Nor mine, my lord: Cressid was here but now.
And all her husbandry doth lie on heaps,
Sleep rock thy brain,
I believe drink gave thee the lie last night.
And we will hear it.
his chin: indeed, she has a marvellous white hand, I
My boy shall fetch the scrivener presently.
lieutenant tonight watches on the court of
To shame unvulnerable, and stick i' the wars
For me,
all, dies for him.
His humorous predominance, yea, watch
As they are sharing, the Prince and Poins set upon  them, they all run away, and Falstaff, after a blow or two, runs away too, leaving the booty behind them
In drops of crimson blood.
Envelope you, good Provost! Who call'd here of late?
I cannot but remember such things were,
Some say a sore, but not a sore, till now made
Our treasures seized, our soldiers put to flight,
cast ashore.
Comes this way to the melancholy vale,
